;; -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
(("IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies" "The IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies will publish archival research papers and critical survey papers. Topics within the scope include technology advances in online learning systems; intelligent tutors; educational software applications and games; simulation systems for education and training; collaborative learning tools, devices and interfaces for learning; interactive techniques for learning; tools for formative and summative assessment; ontologies for learning systems; standards and web services that support learning; authoring tools for learning materials; computer support for peer tutoring and learning via discovery or project work or field or lab work; and creation and management of learning objects. A paper must either describe original research or offer a critical review of the state of the art in a particular area. Papers concerned with evaluation of technology are only appropriate if the technology itself is novel or if significant technical insights are provided. In order to best serve the community, the TLT will be published online, using a delayed open-access policy under which paying subscribers and per-article purchasers have access to newly published content, and then 12 months after the publication of each issue, all readers will have access to the content, free of charge." "http://www.computer.org/tlt" (20681 64070 38659) feed 0 nil nil ((title nil "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies") (link nil "http://www.computer.org/tlt") (description nil "The IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies will publish archival research papers and critical survey papers. Topics within the scope include technology advances in online learning systems; intelligent tutors; educational software applications and games; simulation systems for education and training; collaborative learning tools, devices and interfaces for learning; interactive techniques for learning; tools for formative and summative assessment; ontologies for learning systems; standards and web services that support learning; authoring tools for learning materials; computer support for peer tutoring and learning via discovery or project work or field or lab work; and creation and management of learning objects. A paper must either describe original research or offer a critical review of the state of the art in a particular area. Papers concerned with evaluation of technology are only appropriate if the technology itself is novel or if significant technical insights are provided. In order to best serve the community, the TLT will be published online, using a delayed open-access policy under which paying subscribers and per-article purchasers have access to newly published content, and then 12 months after the publication of each issue, all readers will have access to the content, free of charge.	") (language nil "en-us") (pubDate nil "Thu, 13 Dec 2012 11:00:06 GMT") (image nil (url nil "http://csdl.computer.org/common/images/logos/tlt.gif") (title nil "IEEE Computer Society") (description nil "List of recently published journal articles") (link nil "http://www.computer.org/tlt")) (item nil (title nil "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies - Fourth Quarter 2012 (Vol. 5, No. 4)") (link nil "http://opac.ieeecomputersociety.org/opac?year=2012&volume=5&issue=04&acronym=tlt") (description nil "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://www.computer.org/portal/site/tlt/")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Large-Scale Multiobjective Static Test Generation for Web-based Testing with Integer Programming") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.22") (description nil "Web-based testing has become a ubiquitous self-assessment method for online learning. One useful feature that is missing from today'&amp;#8217;s Web-based testing systems is the reliable capability to fulfill different assessment requirements of students based on a large-scale question dataset. A promising approach for supporting large-scale Web-based testing is Static Test Generation (STG), which generates a test paper automatically according to user specification based on multiple assessment criteria. And the generated test paper can then be attempted over the Web by users for assessment purpose. Generating high quality test papers under multiobjective constraints is a challenging task. It is a 0-1 integer linear programming (ILP) which is not only NP-hard but also need to be solved efficiently. Current popular optimization software and heuristic-based intelligent techniques are ineffective for STG as they generally do not have guarantee for high quality solutions of solving the large-scale 0-1 ILP of STG. To that end, we propose an efficient integer linear programming approach for STG, called BAC-STG (Branch-and-Cut for Static Test Generation). Our experimental study on various datasets and a user evaluation on generated test paper quality have shown that the BAC-STG approach is more effective and efficient than the current STG techniques.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.22")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: BabeLO - An Extensible Converter of Programming Exercises Formats") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.21") (description nil "In the last two decades there was a proliferation of programming exercise formats that hinders interoperability in automatic assessment. In the lack of a widely accepted standard a pragmatic solution is to convert content among the existing formats. BabeLO is an programming exercise converter providing services to a network of heterogeneous e-Learning systems such as contest management systems, programming exercise authoring tools, evaluation engines and repositories of learning objects. Its main feature is the use of a pivotal format to achieve greater extensibility. This approach simplifies the extension to other formats, just requiring the conversion to and from the pivotal format. This paper starts with an analysis of programming exercise formats representative of the existing diversity. This analysis sets the context for the proposed approach to exercise conversion and to the description of the pivotal data format. The abstract service definition is the basis for the design of BabeLO, its components and web service interface. The paper includes a report on the use of BabeLO in two concrete scenarios: to relocate exercises to a different repository; and to use an evaluation engine in a network of heterogeneous systems.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.21")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR) for Remote Wiring and Measurement of Electronic Circuits on Breadboard") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.20") (description nil "This Paper reports on a state-of-art remote laboratory project, so-called Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR), which allows wiring and measuring of electronic circuits remotely on a virtual workbench that replicates circuit breadboard. The wiring mechanism is developed by means of a relay switching matrix connected to a PXI (PCI eXtensions for Instrumentation) instrumentation platform. The entire equipment is controlled by a LabVIEW server, in addition to a measurement server that protects the equipment by verifying input circuit designs, sent by students, before being executed. The paper addresses other approaches such as remote labs based on Data Acquisition Cards (DAQs), NetLab and RemotElectLab, comparing them with VISIR in order to emphasize its peculiarity. The technical description, the software and operation cycle, the features and the provided services are discussed, in addition to the feedbacks received by students at several universities, and the encountered drawbacks along with proposed solutions. The paper finally addresses the ongoing and future challenges within the including its integration with Learning Management Systems (LMS) and iLab Shared Architecture (ISA), its new hardware version release that is based on LAN eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI), and its new open platform version that supports federated access") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.20")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Foundations for Modelling University Curricula in Terms of Multiple Learning Goal Sets") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.17") (description nil "It is challenging to design degree programs, so that the sequence of learning activities over three to five years give an effective progression in learning of generic skills, discipline-specific learning goals and accreditation competencies. Our CUSP (Course and Unit of Study Portal) system tackles this challenge. It enables subject teachers to link the curriculum of their subject to institutional and external learning goals. This information further enables students to see how each subject relates to those goals. CUSP then gives big-picture views of the degree for the academics responsible for the whole degree, including the ability to easily assess if a degree meets accreditation requirements. It achieves this by exploiting a lightweight semantic mapping approach that gives a highly flexible and scalable way to map learning goals from multiple internal and external accrediting sources across the degree. We report its validation as used in a live university environment, across three diverse faculties, with 277 degrees and 7810 subject sessions over a period of three years. Key contributions of this work are: a validated new approach for whole-of-program curriculum design; and a validated lightweight semantic mapping approach that can flexibly support visualizing the curriculum against multiple sets of learning goal frameworks.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.17")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: The Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS): A New Tool for Distributed Learning") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.15") (description nil "In the context of a lecture, the capacity to readily recognize and synthesize key concepts is crucial for comprehension and overall educational performance. In this paper, we introduce a tool, the Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS), which has been developed to make the extraction of important information a more collaborative and engaged process. The system relies on semantically constrained annotation, post-annotation data amalgamation and transparent display of this amalgamated data. In addition to describing the CLAS, we report on a user experience study aimed at investigating student's perception of the utility of the tool.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.15")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Designing Technology for Content-Independent Collaborative Mobile Learning") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.8") (description nil "This paper describes the design of a technology platform for supporting content-independent collaborative mobile learning in the classroom. The technical architecture provides mechanisms for assigning different content or materials to students and then guiding them to form groups with other students in which the combination and integration of their content satisfies some pre-assigned critera or goal. The uniqueness of this lies in the dynamic forming of collaborative groups rather than having fixed or pre-assigned groupings of students for doing collaborative work. We present the theoretical underpinnings of our approach, the initial design of the software and the iterative cycles of a Design-based Research (DBR) approach that tries out the continuously-being-refined design with primary school students. Feedback and data collected from observing students' actual learning behaviours and motivations in the cycles were used to propose a new cycle of the system and user-interface re-design. Such school-based trials provided demonstrations of the platform in supporting two content-specific learning applications, namely in mathematics and Chinese language learning activities in a primary school setting. They show the enactment of collaborative scaffolding comprising peer, technological and teacher scaffolding in supporting the students' formation of groups, and their collaboration and learning.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.8")))) ("IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies - Fourth Quarter 2012 (Vol. 5, No. 4)" "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies" "http://opac.ieeecomputersociety.org/opac?year=2012&volume=5&issue=04&acronym=tlt" (20681 64070 38659) old 1 nil nil ((title nil "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies - Fourth Quarter 2012 (Vol. 5, No. 4)") (link nil "http://opac.ieeecomputersociety.org/opac?year=2012&volume=5&issue=04&acronym=tlt") (description nil "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://www.computer.org/portal/site/tlt/"))) ("PrePrint: Large-Scale Multiobjective Static Test Generation for Web-based Testing with Integer Programming" "Web-based testing has become a ubiquitous self-assessment method for online learning. One useful feature that is missing from today'&amp;#8217;s Web-based testing systems is the reliable capability to fulfill different assessment requirements of students based on a large-scale question dataset. A promising approach for supporting large-scale Web-based testing is Static Test Generation (STG), which generates a test paper automatically according to user specification based on multiple assessment criteria. And the generated test paper can then be attempted over the Web by users for assessment purpose. Generating high quality test papers under multiobjective constraints is a challenging task. It is a 0-1 integer linear programming (ILP) which is not only NP-hard but also need to be solved efficiently. Current popular optimization software and heuristic-based intelligent techniques are ineffective for STG as they generally do not have guarantee for high quality solutions of solving the large-scale 0-1 ILP of STG. To that end, we propose an efficient integer linear programming approach for STG, called BAC-STG (Branch-and-Cut for Static Test Generation). Our experimental study on various datasets and a user evaluation on generated test paper quality have shown that the BAC-STG approach is more effective and efficient than the current STG techniques." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.22" (20681 64070 38659) new 2 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Large-Scale Multiobjective Static Test Generation for Web-based Testing with Integer Programming") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.22") (description nil "Web-based testing has become a ubiquitous self-assessment method for online learning. One useful feature that is missing from today'&amp;#8217;s Web-based testing systems is the reliable capability to fulfill different assessment requirements of students based on a large-scale question dataset. A promising approach for supporting large-scale Web-based testing is Static Test Generation (STG), which generates a test paper automatically according to user specification based on multiple assessment criteria. And the generated test paper can then be attempted over the Web by users for assessment purpose. Generating high quality test papers under multiobjective constraints is a challenging task. It is a 0-1 integer linear programming (ILP) which is not only NP-hard but also need to be solved efficiently. Current popular optimization software and heuristic-based intelligent techniques are ineffective for STG as they generally do not have guarantee for high quality solutions of solving the large-scale 0-1 ILP of STG. To that end, we propose an efficient integer linear programming approach for STG, called BAC-STG (Branch-and-Cut for Static Test Generation). Our experimental study on various datasets and a user evaluation on generated test paper quality have shown that the BAC-STG approach is more effective and efficient than the current STG techniques.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.22"))) ("PrePrint: BabeLO - An Extensible Converter of Programming Exercises Formats" "In the last two decades there was a proliferation of programming exercise formats that hinders interoperability in automatic assessment. In the lack of a widely accepted standard a pragmatic solution is to convert content among the existing formats. BabeLO is an programming exercise converter providing services to a network of heterogeneous e-Learning systems such as contest management systems, programming exercise authoring tools, evaluation engines and repositories of learning objects. Its main feature is the use of a pivotal format to achieve greater extensibility. This approach simplifies the extension to other formats, just requiring the conversion to and from the pivotal format. This paper starts with an analysis of programming exercise formats representative of the existing diversity. This analysis sets the context for the proposed approach to exercise conversion and to the description of the pivotal data format. The abstract service definition is the basis for the design of BabeLO, its components and web service interface. The paper includes a report on the use of BabeLO in two concrete scenarios: to relocate exercises to a different repository; and to use an evaluation engine in a network of heterogeneous systems." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.21" (20681 64070 38659) new 3 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: BabeLO - An Extensible Converter of Programming Exercises Formats") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.21") (description nil "In the last two decades there was a proliferation of programming exercise formats that hinders interoperability in automatic assessment. In the lack of a widely accepted standard a pragmatic solution is to convert content among the existing formats. BabeLO is an programming exercise converter providing services to a network of heterogeneous e-Learning systems such as contest management systems, programming exercise authoring tools, evaluation engines and repositories of learning objects. Its main feature is the use of a pivotal format to achieve greater extensibility. This approach simplifies the extension to other formats, just requiring the conversion to and from the pivotal format. This paper starts with an analysis of programming exercise formats representative of the existing diversity. This analysis sets the context for the proposed approach to exercise conversion and to the description of the pivotal data format. The abstract service definition is the basis for the design of BabeLO, its components and web service interface. The paper includes a report on the use of BabeLO in two concrete scenarios: to relocate exercises to a different repository; and to use an evaluation engine in a network of heterogeneous systems.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.21"))) ("PrePrint: Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR) for Remote Wiring and Measurement of Electronic Circuits on Breadboard" "This Paper reports on a state-of-art remote laboratory project, so-called Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR), which allows wiring and measuring of electronic circuits remotely on a virtual workbench that replicates circuit breadboard. The wiring mechanism is developed by means of a relay switching matrix connected to a PXI (PCI eXtensions for Instrumentation) instrumentation platform. The entire equipment is controlled by a LabVIEW server, in addition to a measurement server that protects the equipment by verifying input circuit designs, sent by students, before being executed. The paper addresses other approaches such as remote labs based on Data Acquisition Cards (DAQs), NetLab and RemotElectLab, comparing them with VISIR in order to emphasize its peculiarity. The technical description, the software and operation cycle, the features and the provided services are discussed, in addition to the feedbacks received by students at several universities, and the encountered drawbacks along with proposed solutions. The paper finally addresses the ongoing and future challenges within the including its integration with Learning Management Systems (LMS) and iLab Shared Architecture (ISA), its new hardware version release that is based on LAN eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI), and its new open platform version that supports federated access" "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.20" (20681 64070 38659) new 4 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR) for Remote Wiring and Measurement of Electronic Circuits on Breadboard") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.20") (description nil "This Paper reports on a state-of-art remote laboratory project, so-called Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR), which allows wiring and measuring of electronic circuits remotely on a virtual workbench that replicates circuit breadboard. The wiring mechanism is developed by means of a relay switching matrix connected to a PXI (PCI eXtensions for Instrumentation) instrumentation platform. The entire equipment is controlled by a LabVIEW server, in addition to a measurement server that protects the equipment by verifying input circuit designs, sent by students, before being executed. The paper addresses other approaches such as remote labs based on Data Acquisition Cards (DAQs), NetLab and RemotElectLab, comparing them with VISIR in order to emphasize its peculiarity. The technical description, the software and operation cycle, the features and the provided services are discussed, in addition to the feedbacks received by students at several universities, and the encountered drawbacks along with proposed solutions. The paper finally addresses the ongoing and future challenges within the including its integration with Learning Management Systems (LMS) and iLab Shared Architecture (ISA), its new hardware version release that is based on LAN eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI), and its new open platform version that supports federated access") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.20"))) ("PrePrint: Foundations for Modelling University Curricula in Terms of Multiple Learning Goal Sets" "It is challenging to design degree programs, so that the sequence of learning activities over three to five years give an effective progression in learning of generic skills, discipline-specific learning goals and accreditation competencies. Our CUSP (Course and Unit of Study Portal) system tackles this challenge. It enables subject teachers to link the curriculum of their subject to institutional and external learning goals. This information further enables students to see how each subject relates to those goals. CUSP then gives big-picture views of the degree for the academics responsible for the whole degree, including the ability to easily assess if a degree meets accreditation requirements. It achieves this by exploiting a lightweight semantic mapping approach that gives a highly flexible and scalable way to map learning goals from multiple internal and external accrediting sources across the degree. We report its validation as used in a live university environment, across three diverse faculties, with 277 degrees and 7810 subject sessions over a period of three years. Key contributions of this work are: a validated new approach for whole-of-program curriculum design; and a validated lightweight semantic mapping approach that can flexibly support visualizing the curriculum against multiple sets of learning goal frameworks." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.17" (20681 64070 38659) new 5 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Foundations for Modelling University Curricula in Terms of Multiple Learning Goal Sets") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.17") (description nil "It is challenging to design degree programs, so that the sequence of learning activities over three to five years give an effective progression in learning of generic skills, discipline-specific learning goals and accreditation competencies. Our CUSP (Course and Unit of Study Portal) system tackles this challenge. It enables subject teachers to link the curriculum of their subject to institutional and external learning goals. This information further enables students to see how each subject relates to those goals. CUSP then gives big-picture views of the degree for the academics responsible for the whole degree, including the ability to easily assess if a degree meets accreditation requirements. It achieves this by exploiting a lightweight semantic mapping approach that gives a highly flexible and scalable way to map learning goals from multiple internal and external accrediting sources across the degree. We report its validation as used in a live university environment, across three diverse faculties, with 277 degrees and 7810 subject sessions over a period of three years. Key contributions of this work are: a validated new approach for whole-of-program curriculum design; and a validated lightweight semantic mapping approach that can flexibly support visualizing the curriculum against multiple sets of learning goal frameworks.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.17"))) ("PrePrint: The Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS): A New Tool for Distributed Learning" "In the context of a lecture, the capacity to readily recognize and synthesize key concepts is crucial for comprehension and overall educational performance. In this paper, we introduce a tool, the Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS), which has been developed to make the extraction of important information a more collaborative and engaged process. The system relies on semantically constrained annotation, post-annotation data amalgamation and transparent display of this amalgamated data. In addition to describing the CLAS, we report on a user experience study aimed at investigating student's perception of the utility of the tool." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.15" (20681 64070 38659) new 6 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: The Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS): A New Tool for Distributed Learning") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.15") (description nil "In the context of a lecture, the capacity to readily recognize and synthesize key concepts is crucial for comprehension and overall educational performance. In this paper, we introduce a tool, the Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS), which has been developed to make the extraction of important information a more collaborative and engaged process. The system relies on semantically constrained annotation, post-annotation data amalgamation and transparent display of this amalgamated data. In addition to describing the CLAS, we report on a user experience study aimed at investigating student's perception of the utility of the tool.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.15"))) ("PrePrint: Designing Technology for Content-Independent Collaborative Mobile Learning" "This paper describes the design of a technology platform for supporting content-independent collaborative mobile learning in the classroom. The technical architecture provides mechanisms for assigning different content or materials to students and then guiding them to form groups with other students in which the combination and integration of their content satisfies some pre-assigned critera or goal. The uniqueness of this lies in the dynamic forming of collaborative groups rather than having fixed or pre-assigned groupings of students for doing collaborative work. We present the theoretical underpinnings of our approach, the initial design of the software and the iterative cycles of a Design-based Research (DBR) approach that tries out the continuously-being-refined design with primary school students. Feedback and data collected from observing students' actual learning behaviours and motivations in the cycles were used to propose a new cycle of the system and user-interface re-design. Such school-based trials provided demonstrations of the platform in supporting two content-specific learning applications, namely in mathematics and Chinese language learning activities in a primary school setting. They show the enactment of collaborative scaffolding comprising peer, technological and teacher scaffolding in supporting the students' formation of groups, and their collaboration and learning." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.8" (20681 64070 38659) new 7 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Designing Technology for Content-Independent Collaborative Mobile Learning") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.8") (description nil "This paper describes the design of a technology platform for supporting content-independent collaborative mobile learning in the classroom. The technical architecture provides mechanisms for assigning different content or materials to students and then guiding them to form groups with other students in which the combination and integration of their content satisfies some pre-assigned critera or goal. The uniqueness of this lies in the dynamic forming of collaborative groups rather than having fixed or pre-assigned groupings of students for doing collaborative work. We present the theoretical underpinnings of our approach, the initial design of the software and the iterative cycles of a Design-based Research (DBR) approach that tries out the continuously-being-refined design with primary school students. Feedback and data collected from observing students' actual learning behaviours and motivations in the cycles were used to propose a new cycle of the system and user-interface re-design. Such school-based trials provided demonstrations of the platform in supporting two content-specific learning applications, namely in mathematics and Chinese language learning activities in a primary school setting. They show the enactment of collaborative scaffolding comprising peer, technological and teacher scaffolding in supporting the students' formation of groups, and their collaboration and learning.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2012.8"))))